capital = 4
 oob = "AUS_1866"

set_cosmetic_tag = AUS_austrian_empire

1870.1.1 = {
	set_cosmetic_tag = AUS_austria_hungary
	add_dynamic_modifier = { 
		modifier = fpw_AUS_loser_of_the_brotherswar
	}
}

oob = "AUS_1866"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_technology = {

}
	else = {
		set_technology = {

}
	}
}
set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	fpw_fpw_fpw_infantry_weapons = 1
	fpw_fpw_fpw_infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	fpw_AUS_hungarian_seperatism
	fpw_AUS_divided_military
	fpw_AUS_stagnant_economy
	fpw_AUS_progressive_education
}

recruit_character = AUS_franz_joseph_I

recruit_character = AUS_kurt_schuschnigg
recruit_character = AUS_karl_renner
recruit_character = AUS_arthur_seyss-inquart
recruit_character = AUS_alfred_klahr
recruit_character = AUS_karl_eglseer
recruit_character = AUS_odilo_globocnik
recruit_character = AUS_alexander_lohr
recruit_character = AUS_paul_von_hegedus
recruit_character = AUS_julius_yllam
recruit_character = AUS_otto_meixner_von_zweienstamm
recruit_character = AUS_wilhelm_zehner
recruit_character = AUS_josef_teufl
recruit_character = AUS_otto_schobel
recruit_character = AUS_viktor_seebauer
recruit_character = AUS_lothar_rendulic
recruit_character = AUS_ernst_kaltenbrunner
recruit_character = AUS_eduard_freiherr
recruit_character = AUS_franz_bohme
recruit_character = AUS_eugen_beyer
recruit_character = AUS_julius_raab
recruit_character = AUS_leopold_figl


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1930.11.9"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 34
	democratic = 56
	fascism = 8
	communism = 2
}

set_stability = 0.50
