capital = 327
oob = "PHI_1866"

set_cosmetic_tag = PHI_SPAIN



# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	fpw_infantry_weapons = 1
	fpw_infantry_weapons1 = 1
	fpw_cannon_artillery = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = PHI_manuel_luis_quez√≥n
recruit_character = PHI_pedro_p_baguisa
recruit_character = PHI_deodato_jacinto
recruit_character = PHI_hermano_jacinto
recruit_character = PHI_pelagio_cruz
recruit_character = PHI_jose_v_andrada
recruit_character = PHI_leoncio_s_tan
recruit_character = PHI_benito_n_ebuen
recruit_character = PHI_basilio_fernando
recruit_character = PHI_basilio_j_valdez
recruit_character = PHI_santiago_nuval
recruit_character = PHI_heraclio_alano
recruit_character = PHI_ramon_a_alcaraz
recruit_character = PHI_victor_h_dizon
recruit_character = PHI_edwin_andrews
recruit_character = PHI_eustacio_orobia
recruit_character = PHI_vicente_p_lim
recruit_character = PHI_emilio_aguinaldo
recruit_character = PHI_juan_sumulong
recruit_character = PHI_sergio_osmena



set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.9.15"
	election_frequency = 72
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 82
	neutrality = 9
	communism = 9
}