capital = 64
oob = "PRS_1866"




add_ideas = {
	fpw_kaiser_wilhelm
}	

add_dynamic_modifier = {
	modifier = fpw_PRS_prussian_general_staff
}

set_variable = { prs_command_power_gain = -0.05 }
set_variable = { prs_army_leader_cost_factor = 0.10 }
set_variable = { prs_bop_fascism_drift = 0.03 }
set_variable = { prs_bop_communism_drift = 0.03 }

set_research_slots = 3

set_politics = {
	# By seats
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 49
	fascism = 44
	communism = 3
	neutrality = 4
}

set_technology = {
	fpw_support_weapons = 1
	fpw_infantry_weapons = 1
	fpw_infantry_weapons1 = 1
	fpw_infantry_weapons2 = 1
	fpw_improved_infantry_weapons_2 = 1
	fpw_cannon_artillery = 1
	fpw_basic_train = 1
    tech_support = 1
    fpw_cavalry_equipment = 1

	# Supposed to be added to every country
	basic_naval_mines = 1
	submarine_mine_laying = 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	basic_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	basic_battery = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	basic_medium_battery = 1
	basic_heavy_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	sonar = 1
	smoke_generator = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
	basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
	basic_fire_control_system = 1
	basic_dp_light_battery = 1

}

recruit_character = PRS_otto_von_bismarck
recruit_character = PRS_rudolf_von_bennigsen
recruit_character = PRS_wilhelm_i
recruit_character = PRS_heinrich_von_treitschke

recruit_character = PRS_Friedrich_Graf_von_Wrangel
recruit_character = PRS_Helmuth_von_Moltke
recruit_character = PRS_Alfred_von_Rauch
recruit_character = PRS_Eduard_Vogel_von_Falckenstein
recruit_character = PRS_James_Hobrecht
recruit_character = PRS_Hans_Wilhelm_von_Kotze
recruit_character = PRS_Friedrich_Karl_of_Prussia
recruit_character = PRS_Gustav_von_Stiehle
recruit_character = PRS_August_Karl_von_Goeben
recruit_character = PRS_Hans_von_BÃ¼low
recruit_character = PRS_Heinrich_Adolf_von_Zastrow
recruit_character = PRS_Albrecht_Graf_von_Roon
recruit_character = PRS_Leonhard_von_Blumenthal
recruit_character = PRS_Friedrich_Wilhelm_of_Prussia
recruit_character = PRS_Hermann_von_Treskow
recruit_character = PRS_Edwin_Freiherr_von_Manteuffel
recruit_character = PRS_Constantin_von_Alvensleben
recruit_character = PRS_Karl_Eberhard_von_Bittenfeld
recruit_character = PRS_Albert_von_Boguslawski

recruit_character = PRS_Eduard_von_Knorr
recruit_character = PRS_Otto_Livonius
recruit_character = PRS_Eduard_von_Jachmann
recruit_character = PRS_Ludwig_von_Henk
recruit_character = PRS_Alexander_von_Monts
recruit_character = PRS_Otto_von_Diederichs
recruit_character = PRS_Karl_Eduard_Heusner
recruit_character = PRS_Ludwig_Borckenhagen
recruit_character = PRS_Reinhold_von_Werner
recruit_character = PRS_Max_von_der_Goltz
recruit_character = PRS_Friedrich_von_Hollmann
recruit_character = PRS_Adalbert_of_Prussia

recruit_character = PRS_heinrich_abeken

activate_advisor = PRS_Helmuth_von_Moltke_carm
