capital = 275
oob = "SAF_1866"
oob = "SAF_1866"

set_convoys = 25
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1933.5.17"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 75
	neutrality = 20
	communism = 5
}

recruit_character = SAF_d_f_malan
recruit_character = SAF_moses_kotane
recruit_character = SAF_pixley_ka_isaka_seme
recruit_character = SAF_george_edwin_brink
recruit_character = SAF_guy_hallifax
recruit_character = SAF_pierre_oliver_knoll
recruit_character = SAF_cornelis_van_zuigenbrogge
recruit_character = SAF_pierre_van_ryneveld
recruit_character = SAF_s_p_le_roux
recruit_character = SAF_adolf_malan
recruit_character = SAF_marinus_van_osterkamp
recruit_character = SAF_robert_palmer
recruit_character = SAF_leonard_beyers
recruit_character = SAF_c_de_weenburg_du_toit
recruit_character = SAF_james_mitchell_baker
recruit_character = SAF_jeannot_de_la_tourier
recruit_character = SAF_j_f_van_rensburg
recruit_character = SAF_e_g_jansen
recruit_character = SAF_nicolaas_havenga
recruit_character = SAF_sir_patrick_duncan
recruit_character = SAF_abram_fischer